hey guys how we doing today look at that
little Eminem Eminem is beautiful
I kind of like this tune it is kind of
beautiful and beautiful part about it is
only a couple of chords for us right
well there's more beautiful part about
it but I mean that's pretty cool just
record so let's look at it it's f minor
so get those EPS on the left hand going
then we're going to have C F and a flat
now I'm going to get to the intro in a
minute which is the layup and how to
reach bending around my own on and put
that in a minute but right now I just
want to take care of this little part
right here because it covers a rapid a
majority of the song so let me just show
you real quick at C F and a flat so
these are the three chords then we're
going to go down it D flat so I have e
flat E flat D flat and G in the left
hand and then a D flat major seven chord
so I have D flat a flat C and F in the
right hand so his rap part is just that
for two counts F minor E flat two counts
D flat three counts two three one on
e-flat F two on the E flat three in the
D flat
one honey Blatt back okay so that's how
we're going to do that so I'm just so
depressed I just can't seem to get out
of the Sun I just get over the hump but
I need something to pull me out of the
stump I took my bruises took my lumps
fell down got right back up but I need
that sparked to incite back up in order
for me to put the mic back up I don't
know how I ended up this position I'm in
this started to feel distant again so I
decided to pick up this pair of try make
attempt of it but I just can't admit
come to grips to the fact that I might
be doing rap I need to know about that I
know some hard to swallow
I know when just can't sit back in while
in my own sorrow
I'll be one tough act if I'm right oh
but I know one fact I'll be one two
factor tolerate hmm I'll be one to
affect follow I'll be one tough act to
follow with you today gone tomorrow I'll
be one tough act follow one two three
one
in legends just to see what it's like to
be me and another man and I'll be you
let's change is just to see what
so that part there same thing have to
count eat that to count a d-flat three
counts so the pop up bum buh buh buh buh
buh buh buh buh buh buh buh foams up in
my shoes just to see what it's like to
be me and I'm just going to see b-flat
a-flat see a fatty boom boom FG FTP
fatty fatty F so so in my shoes just to
see what it's like to be me
let's train choose just to see what it'd
be like to feel the pain if you're mine
go inside each other's mine is to see
what we find look at each other's eyes
and then don't let them say
keep that abso same count to one the F
to an E flat three and the D flat two
three one on a flat to the half now you
let them say
so what is that FG a fudgy b-flat C f/c
B flat B flat F G a flat so they can all
get just stay true to us that's they can
all get right F G a flat G G G a flat F
E flat F minor don't let them say
he plan a fighter they can all get just
stay true dia
think I'm starting to lose my sense of
humor everything so tented me will feel
let's check the detention room as soon
as I walk in it's like all eyes maybe
etc etc etc etc so there you have it so
that's pretty much it for the chorus in
the in the rap now let's look at the
first part lately I've been trying to
reach Robin hard to reach right so f
minor they may have been hard to reach
so lately I've been done to reach it
goes to a D flat major seven here so f
minor so I've C F a flat and C lil a
have been hard to reach it goes down to
a deep in my major 7 so I want to keep
the F minor chord all the way through so
C at a flat and C lately I've been hard
to reach B flat so I've a flat G and B
flat too long on my own if I everybody
has a prime world D flat major seven
they can be alone F minor down to the D
flat major how you region so I'm saying
how you calling me are you
me right d5 are you calling me
b-flat then we have this e diminished
chord it looks like this eg B flat and D
flat or are you trying to get through f
minor D flat major seven region of me he
me flat like I'm reaching now keep it on
the a thief lat
for you that brings us into drop this so
depressed right and then we go to into
his rap so that's pretty much it hope
that was helpful guys also any more
requests you may have please send a
request at Mahalo comm a and we're going
to check out also check us out on
Facebook we got a little Mahalo theater
Facebook going and check sound subscribe
to the channel any comments you may have
the more that happen here
we check it out baby